[music]
Consider ears with Alexander Gradsky
alexa boris we found 33 people we
ask you now to hear measles who sings
and
accurately describe this person and check
this way your restorations up
try and get ready so
you are welcome
[music]
[applause]
a fish
I will not be for a stupid question rather
name is like what's his name but if this is the one
Who I think is not? I immediately want to say that
this
unfamiliar to you personally by people we do not
they did not come to lie, siphon
the day before yesterday to introduce but I want this one
ask a question you can not answer she
Russian language remember very well knows
[applause]
appearance 176 177 growth so when ha
long dressed in tight so here
The department is so dark hair and bright makeup
turn it our soloist
orchestra fruit
i don't know this barry so with ours
musicians go no we don't
went out to dinner and jumped out english
good english good example
practiced before where there is no engaged no
Diomede lives English language language
do what you can and try with you